docs: add best practice overview to help users to choose the guidelines (#127)
harvester/docs: docs/networking/best-practice/multiple-nics-vlan-aware-switch.md

- One or more VLAN-aware switch(es). We will use "Cisco like" configuration as example.

Network Specification:

- Assume that the subnet of the Harvester hosts is in VLAN 100.
- Assume that the VMs are in the VLAN 101-200.

Cabling:

- The Harvester servers are connected to the switch in a port from `1` to `6`.

The following diagram illustrates the cabling used for this guide:

   ![mulitple-nics-vlan-aware.png](assets/mulitple-nics-vlan-aware.png)

## External Switch Configuration

For the external switch configuration, we'll use a "Cisco like" configuration as example. You can apply the following configurations to your switch:

For `harvester-mgmt` ports:
```
switch# config terminal
switch(config)# interface ethernet1/<Port Number>
switch(config-if)# switchport
switch(config-if)# switchport mode access
switch(config-if)# switchport access 100
switch(config-if)# no shutdown
switch(config-if)# end
switch# copy running-config startup-config
```

For VLAN network ports:
```
switch# config terminal
switch(config)# interface ethernet1/<Port Number>
switch(config-if)# switchport
switch(config-if)# switchport mode trunk
switch(config-if)# switchport trunk allowed vlan 100-200

> switch(config-if)# switchport trunk native vlan 1

Reviewer: If the host subnet is VLAN 100, the native VLAN should be 100. Additionally, suggest adding some explanation for the configurations.

Author: i setup vlan 100 with tagged vlan, so we can use VLAN 100 inside harvester.
agree that i need some explanation for this.

  - network
  - VLAN
  - vlan
Description: Harvester is built on top of Kubernetes, and uses the [CNI](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni) as the interface between network providers and Kubernetes pod networking. Naturally, we implement the Harvester network based on CNI. Moreover, the Harvester UI integrates the network configuration in order to provide a user-friendly way to configure networks for VMs.
---

# Mulitple NICs with VLAN-aware Switch

In this best practice guide on how to configure "VLAN-aware", we will introduce Harvester VLAN network and external switch configuration for common scenario.

## Architecture

Hardware:

- Three Harvester servers with daul ports network card.
- One or more VLAN-aware switch(es). We will use "Cisco like" configuration as example.

Network Specification:

- Assume that the subnet of the Harvester hosts is in VLAN 100.
- Assume that the VMs are in the VLAN 101-200.

Cabling:

- The Harvester servers are connected to the switch in a port from `1` to `6`.

The following diagram illustrates the cabling used for this guide:

   ![mulitple-nics-vlan-aware.png](assets/mulitple-nics-vlan-aware.png)

## External Switch Configuration

> For the external switch configuration, we'll use a "Cisco like" configuration as example. You can apply the following configurations to your switch:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the external switch configuration, we'll use a "Cisco-like" configuration as an example. You can apply the following configurations to your switch:
```

For `harvester-mgmt` ports:
```
switch# config terminal
switch(config)# interface ethernet1/<Port Number>
switch(config-if)# switchport
switch(config-if)# switchport mode access
switch(config-if)# switchport access 100
switch(config-if)# no shutdown
switch(config-if)# end
switch# copy running-config startup-config
```

!!! note

>     In this case, you need to avoid using `harvester-mgmt` as VLAN Network interface. This settings will only allow the traffic in the same subnet of `harvester-mgmt` and disallow other VLAN traffic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    In this case, you need to avoid using `harvester-mgmt` as the VLAN Network interface. This setting will only allow the traffic in the same subnet of `harvester-mgmt` and disallow other VLAN traffic.
```

For VLAN network ports:
```
switch# config terminal
switch(config)# interface ethernet1/<Port Number>
switch(config-if)# switchport
switch(config-if)# switchport mode trunk
switch(config-if)# switchport trunk allowed vlan 100-200
switch(config-if)# switchport trunk native vlan 1
switch(config-if)# no shutdown
switch(config-if)# end
switch# copy running-config startup-config
```

!!! note

>     We setup network ports for VLAN Network with VLAN Trunk settings. In this case, you can simply setup VLAN 100 for VM inside Harvester VLAN Network to connect the same subnet of `harvester-mgmt`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    We use the VLAN Trunk setup to set up the network ports for the VLAN Network. In this case, you can simply set VLAN 100 for the VMs in the Harvester VLAN network to connect to the same subnet of `harvester-mgmt`.
```

## Create a VLAN Network in Harvester

You can create a new VLAN network in the **Advanced > Networks** page, and click the **Create** button.

> Specify the name and VLAN ID that you want to create for the VLAN network <small>(You can specify the same VLAN ID in different namespaces if you have [Rancher multi-tenancy](/rancher/virtualization-management/#multi-tenancy) configured)</small>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specify the name and a VLAN ID that you want to create for the VLAN network <small>(You can specify the same VLAN ID in different namespaces if you have [Rancher multi-tenancy](/rancher/virtualization-management/#multi-tenancy) configured)</small>.
```

   ![create-vlan-network.png](assets/create-network.png)

### Connect a VM to the subnet of the Harvester hosts

Once you finished the configuration in the previous section, the external switch will send out untagged network traffic to the subnet of the Harvester hosts. In Harvester, the untagged traffic is received in VLAN 1.

Therefore, if you need VMs to connect to the VLAN ID 1, you need to create a VLAN ID 1 Network in Harvester also.

!!! note

>     We will highly recommend NOT to use VLAN 1 in this scenario.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    We strongly recommend against using VLAN 1 in this scenario.
```

### Connect a VM to specific VLAN network

> You need to create a VLAN Network with specific VLAN ID and associate the VM to that VLAN network. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You need to create a VLAN network with a specific VLAN ID and associate the VM with that VLAN network.
```
